Have you ever wanted to ask God:
“Who are you?
“Where are you?
Do you care about me?”
You are not alone.
For centuries,
people everywhere have felt the need
to know their Maker.
Imagine a woman
who has never known her father.
All her life she has been told lies
that her father abandoned her.
But deep inside she feels
—she knows—
it’s not true.
One day,
she receives a letter from her father.
She learns that he is alive
and that, unbeknownst to her,
he had been reaching out
to be part of her life
since the day she was born.
The daughter learns who her father is,
and eventually
she finds him.
They learn about one another
and build a strong bond
until they are inseparable friends.
The Bible is like a group
of letters from our heavenly Father.
As we read the Bible,
we learn how to talk to God,
how he responds,
and the many ways
he shows his tender care.
The Bible can help us to do something
we may never have thought possible
—be God’s friend.
That friendship starts by learning the name
of your heavenly Father and new Friend,
and God tells us his name:
“You, whose name is Jehovah,
you alone are the Most High.”
Jehovah guarantees that if you
‘draw close to him,
he will draw close to you.’
Our loving Father openly extends friendship
to all who search for him.
Will you accept his invitation?
To learn more about what the Bible says
on this and many other topics,
go to jw.org.